**Estimation**
I think this feature will take me around 45 minutes to complete. I should only need to add one class, which specifies implementation for showing all of the turtle images in a separate view and allowing the user to change the image, but apart from that, I will need to modify a couple other classes slightly to get the required data.

**Review**
The feature took me half an hour to complete, since our front-end design was very flexible in accommodating another view to the user interface, and it was not too difficult to get image views for each turtle in the workspace. I needed to add 1 file and update 3, which was more than I expected. I created a TurtleIcons class to implement the feature, modified the Window class to add it to the window, and modified TurtleScreen and TurtleViewMap to provide me access to the ImageViews. The first time, I forgot that apart from changing the image in the new view, I also needed to update the image in the workspace, but once I made this small change, then it worked completely as I wanted it to work.

**Analysis**
I felt that the design of the front-end was very easy to work with for this particular feature. It was easy to find both the map of IDs to ImageViews and the place where I could add the view to the window, since method and variable naming was very clear. The classes I needed to modify for this feature were very straightforward, and I do not think there was much to be improved for these specific classes. While it was a bit of a hassle to get access to the map, it makes sense for there not to be public method to retrieve it if originally there was no need for the Window to be able to access it. I was actually not extremely familiar in the code, since I was on the SLogo back-end, so the only knowledge that I really needed to know was how the ImageViews are stored.